yo without man is boy you see 704
coming in childhood video a double-team
video I'm talking about double teamed up
attending effectively Howard double-team
guys don't know how to double-team they
just said double teams crazy and I need
people wide open you can run your own
manual half-court trap what I'd even
been in a half-court trap so let's get
straight into it how do you double-team
you hit the lab bumper you see once you
hit that left bumper it will bring up
icons on defense you just hit the icon
of the player that you want to come and
help you out I do not suggest you you
know Brenda God is defending the truck
she forgot his guard on Ray Allen please
don't bring him over to a double-team
just take the bait
take the getting tilt rocky to you know
you don't want to do that klay Thompson
hit those guys like that
now this double-team works really good
for guys that loves to get in the paint
gun I love to double-team when the guys
leave the driving to the land or get the
ball in the corners baseline or wing
right here you see soon as he go to the
corner I take his man right off Josh
Smith boom
I sent him right to the double-team he's
not gonna make that pass turbo he makes
that pass that pass he's gonna catch it
do a twirl catch and brain advances
right there for the help side defense
anyway so nobody is open he looked open
by the time the double-team come he
don't know what look at this
nobody is open if he choose to pass this
basketball right now this is going to be
a steal what he's going to throw it away
you get the jump ball animation so we're
gonna come back down again I'm gonna
show you guys what I mean I'm gonna show
you we're not to double team you don't
double team in the top of the key I will
not double team right there because
there's too many places he cannot throw
the basketball so right here we're gonna
go out of bounds I'm gonna stir that
around let it get the ball but this is
on superstar simulation really superstar
what you're gonna play ranked games on
anyway but how about put it on
simulation just because so you see them
going down the court um I like the off
ball double teams and play the passing
lane I don't do it I wouldn't recommend
doing this the whole game so okay here
we go
he's coming down I'm going Jeff Green
soon as I feel like he's gonna drive
okay um I wanted him to actually come to
the half court
so we're gonna come back down again I
want them to stop I'm just showing you
guys don't recommend this to do this the
whole game you know you only would do
this if I got I saw it somewhere in a
corner or whatnot you could send their
double-team at him I won double-team at
the top of the key you saw the mistake
I'm babe and I tried to send that
double-team he's really high I don't
know why these guys are up here it's
okay it's okay you see them coming down
I went to see right I wouldn't double
team but if he's gonna drive you could
see the double-team at him you see that
right there and then you could come over
to help you still bet you see you play
multiple lanes you see that so you plan
both of you that you plan multiple
positions they just come down and stick
steel people are going to be open but
what happens is you make the offensive
player rush you that's what you want him
to do you wanted to get him out of this
game if there's a guy that loved to play
half court get him to rush man get him
out of his comfort zone
that's what double team does get people
to discombobulate you see this I said to
double-team my hand now it was a big man
to keep the mid range of course he
would've pop that but I'm closing out
really fast with Courtney Lee then I get
right back
that's why I don't play with a lot of
arm control the D physicist because I'm
you can move freely I'm right bet here
boom and Kelly Olynyk slides right over
the difference of arm help be boom right
there
this defense man so we're gonna come
down again imma show you yes people are
going to be open it's just about arm
okay it's just about your sticks do so
um I actually want them there actually
let me get the ball back um okay here we
go again I don't want to you know do it
right I'm gonna show you what I mean
we're gonna come down again let's get
out of bounds a lot about okay damn I
go out of bounds finish gracious
alright there we go again I'm bringing
you to double-team and we need to do it
love bumper and they bring up all the
icons as you can see I don't know why my
guys keep getting down and get back what
are you doing get back okay as you can
see if I can write that jump real double
team as you can see and you just play
the passing lanes but a limit you see
what I mean right there as soon as I
spent this guy's basically you playing
your own half-court trap but I literally
call them half-court technically called
a half-court trap yes players look open
you know I can't lie
watch this once I send the double-team
guys look open why is he doing all that
rippling he can't keep you better talk
to me ever but I want him to kick in
better John Smith so I would live with
that three and basically I just play the
passing lane with a winning and
you know the guy comes right over to
clean that block up so that's basically
how you do it man you see Suzie past
half court line I set that double-team
boom right there
forget him discombobulated you see he
actually lost the ball going to munch
boom I'm right there with Kelly Olynyk
just planet Lanie that's all you do it's
simple as that that would seem it is
very effective especially when you came
on a player man usually I play off ball
when I do send them though those double
teams I don't send them a lot you know
what I mean I don't send them a lot and
so on I'm gonna show you again simple
guys kill you in the paint as well you
could do the same thing for the paint
you said got back on the guy down go
send a double team straight Adam let's
get out of bounds that's just how it
works right that's just how it works
double tinner double dipping effectively
you want to do it in certain parts of
the court I don't know why I got to
trying to connect off man I really do
these guys keep blowing up that I don't
know why they're doing it
okay so you see he's coming down and you
could settle in ago we'll see when I
send a linic I just I just hit the
passing lane and I find a guy who I want
a guard and you just go over there to
help but as simple as that man you know
you just roll the court you got to do a
very quick though once you guys figure
out what you're doing he can pick you
apart so right here we're doing it again
I sent over any guys look open they do
but you got to remember you have to
catch the ball the guy have to catch the
basketball right here I'm gonna Brendan
balance he could throw it either one of
those that's correct I mean you can't
lie people say oh this guy was open
heaven are open but they do have to
catch the basketball and the past is a
little off you see he had to go get the
pass he's not catching it instantly
growing up so Paul by the time you get
it I'm there I'll just set my computer
right at him and I come right over with
the help defense and clean the shot up
man
double-team and you know if you take
your time of course you can hit these
guys back over here man but that's that
takes time I can weave over here to come
back it's just it's all about stick
skills nothing is unbeatable you can
still beat the double-team I don't think
it's cheese is not cheese it's just
defense you know there's just two minute
defense my two-minute drill
defense I run into in the games and the
end of the quarter I run these defense I
don't beat this long game cuz a guy will
figure it out man and once he figured it
out
you're pretty much toast man he's gonna
toast your ass especially the Golden
State Warriors er some bug lady but I
use this on LeBron James don't be afraid
to lose you just on the Brian I shout
LeBron down on a lot believe it or not I
shut them down
especially with people isolate the top
of the key you know I send that
double-team man on phone they go to
double-team him he got a piggys dribble
up once he picked that dribble up he is
done I can go and pick the pants off I
don't know why they keep doing this get
back gosh I don't know when it's my
full-court trap okay so you see again
right here okay once you pass the
basketball I don't know so you see see
that double-team mom right out that was
a nice move by the way but you know
that's just basic but I just want to
show you guys that's my time and you
know send the gold color scrimmage mold
practice this stuff man and you know G
you should what you see 704 and I'm out
man peace